improve the GitHub Server subdomain isolation config description (#2667)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_applying-the-github-oauth-app-secret.adoc

  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/oauth-scm-server: github
    che.eclipse.org/scm-server-endpoint: __<github_server_url>__ <2>
    che.eclipse.org/scm-github-disable-subdomain-isolation: true <3>
type: Opaque
stringData:
  id: __<GitHub_OAuth_Client_ID>__ <4>
  secret: __<GitHub_OAuth_Client_Secret>__ <5>
----
<1> The {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.
<2> This depends on the GitHub product your organization is using: When hosting repositories on GitHub.com or GitHub Enterprise Cloud, omit this line or enter the default `https://github.com`. When hosting repositories on GitHub Enterprise Server, enter the GitHub Enterprise Server URL.

> <3> This line is only added for GitHub Enterprise Server with disabled https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option. If the https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option is enabled on GitHub Enterprise Server, this annotation must be either omitted or set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> This line is only added for GitHub Enterprise Server with disabled link:https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option. If the subdomain isolation option is enabled on GitHub Enterprise Server, you must either omit this annotation or set it to `false`.
```
